## UniversityStudentsCompletionRate_SurvivalAnalysis

Survival analysis of university completion. 
### ABSTRACT

When a student joins the university, their wish is to complete their course on time together with their fellow classmates. Sometimes, this always doesn’t happen according  to  plan. There may be some hindrance factors that may get in the way. The main aim of this study is to compare the rate of enrollment to that of graduation in order to determine the delay rate of TUM students, given a specific study period. The covariates that will be used in this study  are  gender,  faculty,  source  of  finance  that  is  whether  a  student  was  a  government sponsored student or a self-sponsored student, family issues and academic issues (R.S.O, exam  malpractice,  missing  marks). The  project  aims at  determining  the  probability  of  a student graduating on time. The study will consider students who were enrolled  in 2015 and  were  expected  to  graduate  in  2019. Cox  proportional  hazard  model  will  be  used  to analyze  the  data  and  to  determine  whether  there is  significant  relationship  between  the covariates and the causeof delay and R statistical packages will be used for data analysis and to obtain descriptive statistics and charts. The study will use secondary data obtained from the office of the Dean of students. This study will help the university to identify the major  factors  affecting  efficient  student  learning  and  can  help  identify  solutions  to this problem
